Add CloudFoundry buildpack (#19)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java: deployments/cloudfoundry/buildpack/README.md

# Splunk distribution of OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation Buildpack

A [CloudFoundry buildpack](https://docs.run.pivotal.io/buildpacks/) to install

> and run the Splunk distribution of OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation agent in CloudFoundry apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and run the Splunk distribution of the OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation agent in CloudFoundry apps.
```

## Installation

To build and install the buildpack you need to have [cfcli](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/cf-cli/install-go-cli.html) installed.

> If you like to install the buildpack, clone this repo and change to this directory, then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to install the buildpack, clone this repo, change to this directory, then run:
```

```sh
$ cf create-buildpack splunk_otel_java_buildpack . 99 --enable
```

> Now you can use it when running your apps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can use the buildpack when running your apps:
```

```sh
# app configuration
$ cf set-env my-app OTEL_ZIPKIN_SERVICE_NAME <application name>
# ...

# java_buildpack is the main buildpack for JVM apps, it needs to be the final one
$ cf push my-app -b splunk_otel_java_buildpack -b https://github.com/cloudfoundry/java-buildpack
```

## Configuration

You can configure the Java instrumentation agent using environment variables listed in the [main README.md](../../../README.md).
All configuration options listed there are supported by this buildpack.

> In case you want to use a specific version of the Java agent in your application you can set the `SPLUNK_OTEL_JAVA_VERSION`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a specific version of the Java agent in your application, you can set the `SPLUNK_OTEL_JAVA_VERSION`
```

environment variable before application deployment, either using `cf set-env` or the `manifest.yml` file:

```sh
$ cf set-env SPLUNK_OTEL_JAVA_VERSION "0.1.0"
```

> By default the latest agent version available is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the latest available agent version is used.
```

> Note: latest version is not using the buildpack cache, so if you want your deployments to be a bit quicker you may want to specify a concrete version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: the latest version won't use the buildpack cache, so if you want your deployments to be a bit quicker you may want to specify a concrete version.
```
